Dear Friend ; Your email address has been submitted 
to us indicating your interest in our newsletter . 
If you no longer wish to receive our publications simply 
reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately 
be removed from our club ! This mail is being sent 
in compliance with Senate bill 2216 , Title 5 , Section 
306 ! This is a ligitimate business proposal ! Why 
work for somebody else when you can become rich in 
41 weeks . Have you ever noticed nobody is getting 
any younger plus the baby boomers are more demanding 
than their parents . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! We will help you decrease perceived waiting 
time by 160% plus decrease perceived waiting time by 
100% . You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! 
But don't believe us ! Mrs Ames who resides in New 
Hampshire tried us and says "I was skeptical but it 
worked for me" ! We assure you that we operate within 
all applicable laws . DO NOT DELAY - order today ! 
Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 90% ! 
Thank-you for your serious consideration of our offer 
! Dear Friend , We know you are interested in receiving 
breath-taking announcement ! We will comply with all 
removal requests . This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2616 ; Title 4 ; Section 309 ! This 
is not multi-level marketing ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich as few as 35 weeks . 
Have you ever noticed how long the line-ups are at 
bank machines & the baby boomers are more demanding 
than their parents ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this ! WE will help YOU sell more plus turn your 
business into an E-BUSINESS ! You are guaranteed to 
succeed because we take all the risk ! But don't believe 
us ! Mr Jones who resides in Washington tried us and 
says "My only problem now is where to park all my cars" 
! We are licensed to operate in all states ! Do not 
go to sleep without ordering . Sign up a friend and 
you'll get a discount of 30% . Best regards ! 
